Updated documentation and example data for 2.0 (#638)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacbind/output_files.rst

     - Lowest ic50 binding affinity of all prediction algorithms used
   * - ``Best Score Method``
     - Prediction algorithm with the lowest ic50 binding affinity for this epitope
   * - ``Median Percentile``

>      - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used

Author: ```suggestion
     - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used with valid percentile output
```

>      - Median ic50 binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used

Reviewer: Since not all prediction algorithms have percentile output, maybe we could word this along the lines of "Median ic50 binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used with valid percentile output"?

>      - Median ic50 binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used
```

>      - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used with valid percentile output

Author: ```suggestion
     - Median binding affinity percentile rank of the epitope of all prediction algorithms used (those that provide percentile output)
```

   * - ``Best Percentile``

>      - Lowest ic50 binding affinity percentile rank of all prediction algorithms used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Lowest binding affinity percentile rank of all prediction algorithms used
```

>      - Lowest binding affinity percentile rank of all prediction algorithms used

Author: ```suggestion
     - Lowest binding affinity percentile rank of all prediction algorithms used (those that provide percentile output)
```

   * - ``Best Percentile Method``

>      - Prediction algorithm with the lowest ic50 binding affinity percentile rank for this epitope

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     - Prediction algorithm with the lowest binding affinity percentile rank for this epitope
```

     - Was there a BLAST match of the mutated peptide sequence to the
       reference proteome?

filtered.tsv.reference_matches Report Columns
---------------------------------------------

This file is only generated when the ``--run-reference-proteome-similarity``
option is chosen.

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Column Name
     - Description
   * - ``Chromosome``
     - The chromosome of this variant
   * - ``Start``
     - The start position of this variant in the zero-based, half-open coordinate system
   * - ``Stop``
     - The stop position of this variant in the zero-based, half-open coordinate system
   * - ``Reference``
     - The reference allele
   * - ``Variant``
     - The alt allele
   * - ``Transcript``
     - The Ensembl ID of the affected transcript
   * - ``Peptide``
     - The peptide sequence submitted to BLAST
   * - ``Hit ID``
     - The BLAST alignment hit ID (reference proteome sequence ID)
   * - ``Hit Definition``
     - The BLAST alignment hit definition (reference proteome sequence name)
   * - ``Query Sequence``
     - The BLAST query sequence
   * - ``Match Sequence``
     - The BLAST match sequence
   * - ``Match Start``

>      -  The match start position in the matched reference proteome sequence

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     - The match start position in the matched reference proteome sequence
```
